9 January 2013 Last updated at 22:00 GMT Inter Milan have accepted a bid from Turkish club Galatasaray for Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder. Galatasaray are believed to be prepared to pay 10 million euros (&#xA3;8.2m) for the 28-year-old and meet his wage demands. Inter president Massimo Moratti said: "Galatasaray's offer satisfies us. Now it depends on the player." Sneijder, who was strongly linked with Manchester United last summer, has not played for Inter since 25 September because of a dispute over his contract. It remains to be seen whether the playmaker will agree to move to Turkey, having suggested he would only consider one of Europe's top few teams. In November, the Italian side informed Sneijder he would not play for them until he agreed a significant cut in his salary. The player refused, meaning he has been on the sidelines despite being fit for the past two months. Sign in with your BBC iD, or Register to comment and rate comments All posts are reactively-moderated and must obey the house rules. All posts are reactively-moderated
 and must obey the house rules Unlikely he's willing to go to Turkey. Not before the the last hrs of the window at least. Only if there's no English top club for him by then the 6 mln euros on the Turkish table might get him to move to Istanbul. Question is, is he still interesting enough after 2 mediocre seasons. A manager would need to make him feel as important as Mourinho did at Inter. Hard to see that happening right now. Report this comment (Comment number 144) Link to this (Comment number 144) Inter are vindictive, small and unispiring team, who will never attract biggest name players. They also play unfair. Murinho left them. Snider siged a contract, which is he is righfully sticking to. Now they want to offload him at cut price because they want revenge. Do you think it would be right for him to demand more if he was a Balon D'or winner? Report this comment (Comment number 143) Link to this (Comment number 143) Another thing as well.If he's thinking about money.In UK he has to pay 50% in tax.In Turkey the max he will have to pay is 35% so on 200k a week he would only get roughly 100k in UK and 130k a week in Turkey. That's &#xA3;1.5m extra a year in Turkey. For the money it would make sense to go to Turkey.He pays 43-46% in Italy now. Depends what he wants more, good money or top class football at his prime. Report this comment (Comment number 142) Link to this (Comment number 142) 8.2 million. 200k a week means in a year he will have cost them 18 million and 28 million in 2 years. If Galatasaray think one of the best midfielders in the world in his peak years is worth 28-33 million overall (if he goes he'll only stay a couple years) then why not? They are a good side. It's a fine balance if it's worth it for a team like that though. Still cheaper than Torres or Carroll Report this comment (Comment number 141) Link to this (Comment number 141) He would waste the last important contract of his career in the Turkish league. God club but he needs to moderate his demands and will then be playing in Germany or England. Report this comment (Comment number 140) Link to this (Comment number 140) Comments 5 of 144Add your commentSign in with your BBC iD, or Register to comment and rate comments All posts are reactively-moderated and must obey the house rules.