9 January 2013 Last updated at 23:46 GMT Swansea City manager Michael Laudrup praised his players' "fantastic fight" after their 2-0 Capital One Cup semi-final, first leg win at Chelsea. Goals by Michu and Danny Graham put the Swans in control for the second leg in Swansea on 23 January. "It was a fantastic fight," said Laudrup. "We knew it was going to be difficult... I cannot dream about a result like this." However, the Dane warned "there's a long way to go, believe me." Chelsea dominated possession and territory but were undone by two mistakes by Branislav Ivanovic. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.'Fantastic' Swansea delight Laudrup The Serb was caught in possession for Michu's first-half opener - the Spaniard's 16th goal of the season - and his backpass in second-half injury time was pounced on by Graham for Swansea's second goal. Chelsea substitute Demba Ba had a goal disallowed after Graham's strike. Laudrup praised his team's ability to make the most of their chances as they moved closer towards a first major cup final appearance in their history. "The two goals were two mistakes by Chelsea, but again my players Michu and then Danny were there to take advantage," he said. "If you look at Bradford and Swansea they both had a plan and were highly disciplined. Swansea really deserve to come away from this game with something. Michael Laudrup has communicated his plan, got his players focused and Michu stands out in sacrificing his creativity to do a job and they all worked very hard together. Chelsea are relying too much on the individual players rather than a collective plan but I would have expected them to have scored a couple of goals from the chances they had." "If you take away the goals I still think part of all the possession they had they only created a few chances. "I counted only three big chances - Ramirez and Mata in the first half and the shot from Luis from close distance in the second half, apart from the disallowed goal which was an offside. "That's really not that much when you think that we played the at the ground of the European champions." The former Danish international said he was also happy with the way his team adapted their playing style in the face of Chelsea's domination. "You have to be realistic. You can't think that you can come here to play the European champions and have the ball 60% of the time like we have in the majority of our games," said Laudrup. "We knew we would have to do something extra - more without the ball than with the ball. "I think we showed that we have so much apart from quality as well as a lot of confidence in our team. "I'm so pleased that in two weeks' time we can come back and play at our ground with a possibility of going to that final."