Big names, big dollars ... Edinson Cavani, Theo Walcott and Leighton Baines Source: FOX SPORTS It's looking like 50 Shades of Blue as Chelsea, Manchester City, and Everton get busy on the English transfer scene. Could Cavani find a home at Manchester City?City assistant coach Angelo Gregucci has admitted to Sky Sports that his club is, in fact, interested in the highly-regarded Napoli striker Edinson Cavani. The 25-year-old is arguably the most sought-after European forward, with 24 goals in 20 starts this season. City see the Uruguayan as the ideal recruit after missing out on Robin van Persie 's signature in 2012. 

Brazillian gun Taison Freda is attracting admiring glances from Chelsea and Manchester City, with Rafa Benitez reportedly having the upper hand in signing the 20-year-old. The Guardian is reporting that his current club, Ukrainian side Metalist Kharkiv, wants between pound11m and pound13m from teams wanting to acquire the midfielder.Can Everton keep Leighton Baines?

Enjoying some excellent form this season after being reunited with left-side partner Steve Pienaar, the England international has been linked with Manchester United in recent days. The lack of European football with Everton may lead Baines to chase a club with that is a regular qualifier. United would fit the bill perfectly, wouldn 't you think.

Could the 'holy trinity ' at Chelsea gain a fourth arm?

The exhilarating trio of Juan Mata, Eden Hazard and Oscar could be further supported by highly-rated youngster Isco. The 20-year-old Spaniard, who currently plays for Malaga in Spain, certainly possesses skills worthy of the Chelsea 's attacking midfield. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.Start of sidebar. Skip to end of sidebar.End of sidebar. Return to start of sidebar.Is Becks heading to the Middle East?

The Sun is reporting that an unspecified club in Qatar has offered David Beckham a lucrative two-year contract. With the nation hosting the FIFA World Cup in 2022, Beckham 's move to Qatar would most certainly involve some sort of ambassadorial role for the tournament as well, drawing the big bucks for Becks.Will Zaha finally put pen to paper?

Seemingly linked at one point to every top-flight team in the EPL, it appears that England sensation Wilfried Zaha is about to sign with Manchester United. Zaha would most likely cost United around pound12-15m, which they would comfortably make up for with the sale of Nani.Have the Gunners kept their man?

Theo Walcott has reportedly been offered a pound25m contract to stay at Arsenal, and for that type of money, it 's likely he will stay put. The reported five-year contract would be worth about pound88,000 per week - not bad money for a 23-year-old. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.Do Spurs have a new strike weapon?

The Telegraph is reporting that Tottenham Hotspur are close to signing striker Leandro Damiao for pound15m from Brazilian side Internacional. With Emmanuel Adebayor reportedly set for a departure after this season, the purchase of Damiao would be an ideal establishment of a rock-solid frontline in the future.