Why you should watch itNeither of these two negotiated the Christmas/New Year period all that successfully. Adelaide picked up four points from a possible 12 while Perth managed just five points from their four matches. Remarkably, 10 points separates the sides. Perth led Sydney twice last weekend before eventually succumbing to a draw. That won't sit well. The positive was the return to form of Shane Smeltz. The Reds will have expected to do better at Hunter Stadium last weekend but a 0-0 draw in oppressive heat isn 't the worst result. Goalkeeper Eugene Galekovic continues to be one of the stars of the league, pulling off some spectacular saves to keep his team in the match. Adelaide have struggled of late when pressed high by their opponents, and Friday night should be no different. There 's a fierce rivalry here and it 'll be physical as well.Key menGalekovic, Dario Vidosic, Bruce Djite. Adelaide are so strong up front but they need to start scoring again.Who will win? Start of sidebar. Skip to end of sidebar.End of sidebar. Return to start of sidebar.You get the sense Glory may be getting back on track, and not a moment too soon if they are to achieve anything close to what they did last season. The signs were there against Sydney and letting the lead slip twice might be just be what spurs them to victory here. A-League Round 16 Friday, January 11 Adelaide Adelaide vs Perth 7:30 PM Hindmarsh Stadium Perth Saturday, January 12 Victory Victory vs Central Coast 5:30 PM Aurora Stadium Central Coast Newcastle Newcastle vs Brisbane 7:45 PM Hunter Stadium Brisbane Sunday, January 13 Wellington Wellington vs Western Sydney 2:30 PM Westpac Stadium Western Sydney Sydney Sydney vs Heart 5:00 PM Allianz Stadium Heart All times are listed in EDT Melbourne Victory v Central Coast Mariners, Saturday, 5.30pm (EDT), Aurora Stadium, LauncestonI still think Victory are the biggest threat to the Mariners this season. Collecting all three points at Parramatta Stadium last weekend was a big result for Central Coast. And to do it without star play-maker Tom Rogic and captain John Hutchinson, who started from the bench, was even more meritorious. Victory got back on track against Wellington Phoenix. Marco Rojas and Archie Thompson continue to be a formidable pairing up front while Marcos Flores, who admitted he was low on confidence, is slowly coming around. Significantly, Adama Traore was the man of the match last weekend. The better the defenders get the scarier the prospect Victory becomes. They could not be separated in their last encounter in one of the best A-League games to date. Graham Arnold and Ange Postecoglou are mates but this will count for little come kick off. The sideline will be a tense place to be!Key men A big job for both backlines, how to contain Rojas, McBreen, and Thompson. An exciting prospect.Who will win?Some big games this weekend, but this is my match of the round - and again I can 't separate these two. Draw. Alex Tobin Award 3,2,1 Points Check in every week for the latest points handed out in the A-League's Alex Tobin Award. + 6 &lt;/p&gt; Best: Alex Tobin Award points tally + 14 Check in every week for the latest points handed out in the A-League's Alex Tobin Award.Newcastle Jets v Brisbane Roar, Saturday, 7.45pm (EDT), Hunter StadiumBoth teams are locked on 17 points - just one point out of the six - so there is everything to play for. Newcastle looked to be in for a tough day at the office last weekend but a mid-half drinks break gave them the chance to tighten things up. It was their first clean-sheet of the season. And for all the tinkering Gary van Egmond has done so far, both forced and tactically, he may now want to persist with this youthful backline. Brisbane lost - again - to Melbourne Heart, but can take some comfort from their second-half fightback. They dominated possession once again but were slow to convert territory into real threats. Their reliance on Besart Berisha must be of real concern. Great news for Roar with the addition of Jade North in defence but he won 't feature this week. The Jets have some injury concerns and they will be relieved Ruben Zadkovich did not suffer a major knee injury this week.Key menThomas Broich and Mitch Nichols need to find their goalscoring boots to help back-up star striker Besart Berisha. This may be a great chance to score some goals.Who will win?I 'm expecting an entertaining match but can 't tip against Brisbane, especially up against a relatively-inexperienced defence. A-League Video A-League Highlights Catch up with all the great video highlights from the latest round of Hyundai A-League action. &lt;/p&gt; Match Highlights: All the round nine action Catch up with all the great video highlights from the latest round of Hyundai A-League action.Wellington Phoenix v Western Sydney Wanderers, Sunday, 2.30pm (EDT), Westpac StadiumWellington's season is very much on the line here. They 've lost seven of their 15 fixtures so far and continue to struggle defensively. Wanderers went down to the table-topping Mariners to slip to fourth but still have a handy four-point buffer on fifth-placed Perth. It 's worth noting the Wanderers have lost just one game fewer than Phoenix but their seven victories keep them well in the mix. Phoenix worked hard to contain Melbourne Victory last weekend but defensive mistakes cost them, and they were unable to maintain their intensity for 90 minutes. Even though key men Paul Ifill and Manny Muscat are missing, coach Ricky Herbert insists he will not change his approach. But as frustration grows among fans, and the team for that matter, they must take the points here. Jeremy Brockie did the damage last time the two sides met and he will be crucial again.Key playerShinji Ono continues to be the key for Wanderers. He would have scored against the Mariners if not for a fantastic goal-line clearance from Pedj Bojic. The danger man.Who will win?Have to go on form here but Wanderers, who have been resilient on the road, will face a pretty desperate opponent. Western Sydney to win. Bozza's Review A-League Round 15 Fox Sports' Mark Bosnich dissects an exciting round 15 of A-League action. + 22 &lt;/p&gt; Review: 'Victory have firepower to win it all' + 22 Fox Sports' Mark Bosnich dissects an exciting round 15 of A-League action.Sydney FC v Melbourne Heart, Sunday, 5pm (EDT), Allianz StadiumFrank Farina has described his team 's next two matches as "season-defining", and I think that should also apply to their opponents on Sunday. There were promising signs for both teams last weekend. Sydney came from behind twice to draw in Perth with Jason Culina getting on the scoresheet. Heart, meanwhile, fought off a second-half onslaught to take all three points against Brisbane. But if neither side can find consistency in a hurry then it 's hard to see them featuring in April. Sydney will again be forced to field a make-shift backline - although left-back Fabio could return, as should striker Yairo Yau, after both trained well during the week. New signing Joel Griffiths will remain in the stands for another week. Culina has become as important as Alessandro del Piero and their hunger and leadership on the field sets the tone.Key menRichard Garcia and Josip Tadic are key figures for the red and whites, and it was good to see captain Fred chipping in with a goal.Who will win?A big evening at Allianz Stadium is assured. Sydney, because it is a must-win and a big test of character, to win, but it will be close.