Friday Five ... what's on Adam's list this week? Source: Fox Sports Each week this football season, Fox Sports football commentator Adam Peacock selects five reasons for tuning in to the Barclays Premier League and A-League. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.THE TROUBLE WITH LUIS SUAREZWhy is it never boring with Luis Suarez? Never one to illicit a carefree reaction amongst football watchers, he is either a victim of his own greatness, or the most unlikable of the unloved. The reaction to his handball goal in the FA Cup was predictable, but it raged nonetheless. Religious leaders got involved, everyone had their say. It was in truth, a goal the referee alone has to overrule. It all happened so quick, it couldn 't have been premeditated.But it had to be Suarez. A victim and perpetrator all in one, every time.Is it fair to feel sorry for him? Liverpool fans do and will, and as mentioned countless times before, fair enough. They love the shirt, and what 's inside it. For the rest? They don 't, and never will, because accidents or otherwise keep happening, and it 's very hard for a guy without a command of the lingo to defend himself through the press. So he doesn 't even try. That 's not to say I feel sorry for him. Just seems it doesn 't bother him, so why should anyone else worry about his feelings? EPL Guide 2012 Season Guide The offical guide to 2012-2013 Barclays Premier League season. Essential reading for fans. &lt;/p&gt; 2012-13 Barclays Premier League season guide! The offical guide to 2012-2013 Barclays Premier League season. Essential reading for fans.Start of sidebar. Skip to end of sidebar.End of sidebar. Return to start of sidebar.He entered the country with a target on his back, signing for Liverpool while suspended for biting. And the reputation was there before his unusual dinner in Holland: the general theme after he stopped Ghana winning a World Cup quarter final with his hand? Well, not good - this from the Guardian live commentary of the game: "Grudging respect to the cheating little sods. It takes a real streak of evil to win like this".So then, it was always going to be a battle for the general football fan in England and Barclays Premier League watchers (Liverpool aside) to like Luis Suarez. You get the sense he 's quite OK with it, and what else would follow last weekend but Manchester United at Old Trafford this Sunday. Perhaps his idea of the perfect weekend. An intriguing character, one that helps the world go round. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.HOW DO YOU END AN ERA?Unlike Suarez, one man who it seems doesn 't mind his football career being played out in the press is Frank Lampard. He 's leaving Chelsea, he 's not, he 's playing out the season, Manchester United want him, QPR want him, Arsenal want him, Tom Cruise wants him in LA.He 's trying to win a PR battle, forcing Chelsea to have no option but to keep him. Or his advisors hope. Ahhhmm&hellip; does Roman Abramovich not care much for popularity contests? One day very soon, it will happen to John Terry. The club will want to move on. Terry might not. The saga with Lampard might just be an entree. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.ROBIN VAN PERFECTSome interesting stats did the rounds this week surrounding Robin van Persie and his worth to Manchester United, or interesting if you forget about reality. Without van Persie and his 16 goals and 6 assists, Manchester United would have only won 5 Premier League games and be on 26 points with West Ham in 11th. All very good to make that assertion - except for the fact Sir Alex Ferguson needed a striker and if he didn 't get van Persie, would he have got the top scorer for the Cumbria Plumbers XI?Sure, van Persie is phenomenal, and without him, the top of the table might look a little different. Certainly not a 7 point gap to Manchester City. But a quality player would have been purchased and now scoring goals. Not at the rate of the Dutchman (73 in his last 100 PL games!), but still, contributing. And Manchester United wouldn 't be 11th. All hypothetical anyway - less imaginary, the thought van Persie will have a huge bearing on this Sunday 's Manchester United-Liverpool battle. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player.SWANNING ALONGThere was an afterlife for Swansea when Brendon Rodgers left after last season 's impressive Premier League debut. And it 's even better. Wembley and perhaps League Cup glory beckons. Michael Laudrup is getting a heap of praise. The parts he brought with him - like Michu - have improved what was there, and the 15 million pounds received for Joe Allen looks a good bit of a business all of a sudden. Yet the Dane is not getting carried away. Just enjoying the moment. For he 's had a few big moments in football before, as he so beautifully pointed out to the Mirror newspaper this week...Question: "You played with Pep Guardiola at Barcelona..."Michael Laudrup leans forward in his chair in the small manager 's office at the Liberty Stadium and interrupts."He would maybe say that he played with me."1-0. Premier League Fixtures and Results When and where is your team playing in the Barclays Premier League this season? &lt;/p&gt; EPL fixtures and results When and where is your team playing in the Barclays Premier League this season?PREMIER XIThe Premier League has Michael Laudrup, but La Liga has the best players, apparently. Players from around the world voted, and, in case you missed it, the FIFA/FIFPro X1 was - Iker Casillas, Dani Alves, Gerard Pique, Sergio Ramos, Marcelo, Xavi, Xabi Alonso, Andres Iniesta, Cristiano Ronaldo, Radamel Falcao, Lionel Messi.Five Real Madrid, five Barcelona, one Atletico Madrid. So the Premier League misses out, much to the mirth of those who think it 's an overhyped, fast food version of football. Much to the annoyance of those who think no other league exists. Much to the mild surprise of many, including yours truly. Rumour Mill Gossip Here's the best gossip, speculation and fun as European managers dabble in the market. &lt;/p&gt; Here's the best gossip, speculation and fun as European managers dabble in the market.If I had the chance to pick a team from the Premier League to try and beat the Latino Kings, here goes -Joe Hart; 
Pablo Zabaleta; Vincent Kompany; Nemanja Vidic; Leighton Baines
Lucas; Yaya Toure; Juan Mata 
Luis Suarez; Robin van Persie; Gareth BaleLucas?!?! Whhhaaat? They keep the ball OK, I suppose, and he 's good at getting the thing back. Steven Gerrard said so ;)Argue away&hellip;