Michael Laudrup has hailed Swansea's 2-0 victory in the Capital One Cup semi-final first-leg over Chelsea as "very special", but insists his side still have a lot to do before they can think about the final. Don't Miss Match Report: Chelsea 0-2 SwanseaPlayer Ratings: Chelsea 0-2 SwanseaChelsea fans turn on Torres & BenitezChelsea lack long-term vision, says AVB Bet: pound;5 pound;10 pound;20 pound;50 pound;100 Returns: Everton pound; 15.30 Draw pound; 37.50 Swansea City pound; 60.00 Bet: pound;5 pound;10 pound;20 pound;50 pound;100 Returns: Everton pound; 15.71 Draw pound; 40.00 Swansea City pound; 55.00 Bet: pound;5 pound;10 pound;20 pound;50 pound;100 Returns: Everton pound; 15.70 Draw pound; 40.00 Swansea City pound; 60.00 Both sides named strong teams during Wednesday night's Stamford Bridge clash, with the likes of Juan Mata and Eden Hazard starting for the hosts, although new signing Demba Ba had to settle for a place on the bench. The anonymous Fernando Torres received a notable amount of stick from the home support, while another Spaniard broke the deadlock for Swansea, as Michu grabbed his customary goal before Danny Graham wrapped up a win which left the manager delighted. Speaking to Sky Sports after the match, Laudrup said: "I think we had some historic results already this season, winning at Anfield and at the Emirates [Stadium], but of course winning an away game here, European champions from last season is obviously something very special. "I think obviously we knew it would be a difficult game. We had to defend a lot - much more than we're used to - but I think there are two parts of it. "Obviously the possession, they had much more possession than we had, that's obvious. But to be honest, after the game I watched the chances they had, and really they only had three big chances. They had Ramires first half, Mata, Luiz and then they had the goal disallowed offside. "It was offside. It was very tight but it was offside. "I think it was a marvellous fight. We are a team trying to play, but we know obviously when we go and play the European champions away we know we have to defend much more than we're used to. "To be honest I'm delighted with the result, I would lie if I said otherwise, but there's still a mountain to climb." Swansea's two goals both came as a result of defensive errors by Branislav Ivanovic, and although Laudrup recognises that, he highlighted that his players still needed to apply the finishes, which he is grateful they did. "It is true, they gave us two goals," he said. "But again you have to score them. Yeah two mistakes, but a part of that I think even if you take away our two goals they created three chances." Laudrup remained full of praise for Benitez's side, and was convinced that his team had to be perfect to prevent them scoring three or four times on the night. He continued: "This team we saw today [Chelsea], they have so many gifted players and so much quality. It depends on what we're doing on that day. "We have to play exactly the same, with the same intensity, everything, otherwise they can score three or four goals against us. "They can still win the semi-final, but of course it 's a great result and what I'm most happy about is we go into the second leg, playing at home in front of our crowd, full packed stadium with the possibility to go and play the final at Wembley. "I think that's best for me." Swansea 's star man this season, Michu, also spoke after the match and he hailed the work rate and energy of his teammates before explaining his goal. He said: "We worked very, very hard. I 'm very happy for the team, the key was the team worked very, very hard. "I saw De Guzman pressing the ball and I think: 'OK if it comes to my left foot I will shoot'. [But] The second leg will be very difficult."