English football's authorities given a year to make further changes
English football's authorities have been given twelve months to make further changes to the way the game is run - or face possible legislation.

The Culture, Media and Sport select committee have published their follow-up report into football governance - and expressed disappointment at the response to their proposals for reform in July 2011.

The committee believes there remains a problem with football governance and that the leagues - particularly the Premier League - wield too much influence over the FA.

It recommends changes to the FA board - with fewer members for the leagues and the introduction of a fans representative.

The FA is also criticised for failing to provide greater financial stability - with 92 insolvencies in the Football League since 1992.

The committee describes the authorities' proposals for financial reform as 'hugely disappointing' - and wants the FA to regulate a financial licensing system.

They want full information on the ownership of clubs made publicly available and they have given the authorities 12 months to introduce further reform - or the government will consider legislation.

The FA, Premier League and Football League have issued a joint-statement:

"The football authorities continue to work towards the final approval and implementation of the governance reform proposals as outlined in February

"Significant headway has already been made on many of these proposed reforms, not least on sustainability and transparency.

"The remaining reform proposals are the subject of consultation within the game and we are confident that the necessary progress will be made."

Sports minister Hugh Robertson insisted the warning on legislation was no empty threat. He said: "If football does not deliver the reforms then we will look at bringing forward legislation."
Government intervention

In a joint statement, the FA, Premier League and Football League insisted the necessary reforms would be implemented.

It said: "Significant headway has already been made on many of these proposed reforms, not least on sustainability and transparency. The remaining reform proposals are the subject of consultation within the game and we are confident that the necessary progress will be made."

In welcoming the report, SD chief executive David Lampitt said: "The committee has clearly been spurred on by what they called the 'lack of direction and urgency' of the football authorities and has recognised that a few minor changes do not add up to meaningful reform.

"A timetable for proper change is now required, backed up by government intervention if it is not delivered upon.

"It is supporters who sustain the game economically - whether through tickets or TV subscriptions - and who have the long terms interests of the game at heart."