Cahill - Barca can be beaten
Chelsea defender ready for clash with 'phenomenal' outfit

 Last Updated: April 15, 2012 1:59pm 
 

Gary Cahill: Chelsea defender relishing Champions League clash with Barcelona

Chelsea defender Gary Cahill has hailed Barcelona as 'phenomenal', but still believes the Blues can upset the odds in the UEFA Champions League semi-final. 

The reigning European champions arrive at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night for the first leg of their eagerly-awaited showdown with the Premier League side.

Prior to that, Chelsea have the small matter of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final showdown with London rivals Tottenham at Wembley before they can turn their attention to tackling Barca.

Cahill admits that pitting their wits against Pep Guardiola's star-studded side will be a major challenge for interim manager Roberto di Matteo, particularly with the contest coming just 72 hours after their clash with Spurs.
Sky Bet Odds

Click here for the latest Chelsea v Barcelona odds including Chelsea to win the 1st leg - 4/1!

But the England international still believes that Chelsea can secure a berth in the 19th May final at Bayern Munich's Allianz Arena, despite having witnessed Lionel Messi and co in action in their quarter-final victory over AC Milan.

"They're beatable, for sure, every team is beatable. But the way they play football is phenomenal." 
Gary Cahill Quotes of the week 
Switch on

Cahill said: "They're beatable, for sure, every team is beatable. But the way they play football is phenomenal.

"I saw them against AC Milan, they scored three but could have probably had six against a fantastic team in their own right.

"We're under no illusions and everyone knows it will be one of the toughest games of the season.

"It will be physically demanding as well because of the short gap between the matches.

"Because of the build-up, a chance to make a final and it being a London derby has helped the lads take their mind off the Barcelona clash.

"But as soon as that final whistle goes, everyone will switch on to Barcelona."