Cech hails battling Blues
Chelsea keeper calls for concentrated effort at Camp Nou

 Last Updated: April 20, 2012 9:31am 
 

Petr Cech: Buoyed by Chelsea's first leg display against Barcelona

Petr Cech believes Chelsea can take heart from the defensive resilience they displayed against Barcelona, and repeat the trick in Camp Nou. 

The Blues saw little of the ball during the first leg of their UEFA Champions League semi-final with Barca on Wednesday, but struck on the counter to claim a 1-0 win.

They now hold the upper hand heading into the return date in Catalunya, with a clean sheet enough to take them through.

Cech is likely to provide the last line of defence for Chelsea when they reacquaint themselves with the reigning European champions and he feels the Blues are capable of claiming a notable scalp if they can maintain the concentration levels they displayed on home soil.

He said in the Daily Telegraph: "It's not easy because we are not used to playing games when we don't have the ball. Psychologically it's very tough to keep focused and keep our discipline without making mistakes. But we did it.

"As a whole team we did what we could. We fought from the first minute to the last and we've done the maximum we could do against such a great side.
Adapt

"It's not easy because we are not used to playing games when we don't have the ball. Psychologically it's very tough to keep focused and keep our discipline without making mistakes. But we did it." 
Petr Cech Quotes of the week 

"Against them it's hard to play a different way because it's not you dictating the football of the game. They keep the ball really well so they have control of the game. When you play against such a great team you know that it's going to be like this and not everybody can adapt to it.

"I think the performance was all about the concentration to stay focused and disciplined all the time to not give them space - even though sometimes you don't even seen the ball because they are just passing it around and around and around waiting for their chances.

"You have to adapt and not get frustrated. It's tough. We've done what we could, we've done really well, but we know we are far away from going through because they will have home advantage for the second leg and everything can happen."

Another of those Chelsea will be relying on to put in another heroic shift at Camp Nou is skipper John Terry, with the England international prepared to play through the pain of two cracked ribs to help lead the Blues' quest for continental glory.

Cech said: "If you see him going off then you know there is some problem because normally to the last second he will be fighting.

"You can just see how much he wants to be on the pitch all the time. JT has always been like that, so I'm not really surprised he is playing. He is doing everything normally so that's perfect."