Cesc wants more Chelsea woe
Midfielder backing Barca to do same again against Blues

 Last Updated: April 17, 2012 9:20pm 
 

Cesc Fabregas: Hoping Barca can pile more Champions League misery on Chelsea

Cesc Fabregas hopes Barcelona can inflict more misery on Chelsea on Wednesday after celebrating their UEFA Champions League semi-final triumph over the Blues three years ago. 

Roberto Di Matteo's men face the biggest test of their season when they host Barca in the first leg of their semi-final clash at Stamford Bridge this week.

The game brings back memories for most Blues fans of the controversial 2009 clash at the same stage in the competition when they were denied up to four plausible penalties before Andres Iniesta scored an injury-time away goal to seal the Spaniards' passage to the final.
Rivalry

Former Arsenal captain Fabregas returned to the Nou Camp last summer after an eight-year spell at the Emirates Stadium, where he enjoyed a simmering rivalry with the Blues as both teams fought for supremacy in the capital.

The midfielder was involved in a fracas with Frank Lampard in the 2007 Carling Cup final - which Arsenal lost - and he admits he took great pleasure from watching the West London rivals exit the Champions League to his hometown club three years ago.

"The previous night we'd lost the semi-final with Arsenal at Manchester United so I was still a bit upset," Fabregas recalled.

"But I was at home with my family that night. We were about to play PlayStation (believing Chelsea were going through) and then that goal (by Iniesta) was scored.

"It was really happy memories because my whole family are Barcelona supporters."

Chelsea struggled under Andre Villas-Boas at the start of the campaign but his sacking, and the appointment of interim head coach Di Matteo has breathed life in to their season.

Fabregas has been impressed with how the former West Brom boss has fared, claiming his more direct approach has been key to their recent revival.

"What happened with Villas-Boas was they played more from the back," he added. "They tried to keep possession and take initiative in the game.
Successful

"They've gone back to the type of Chelsea that was more successful a few years ago with Di Matteo: playing on the counter, trying to hit the target man, sitting back and using that number nine as a reference point."

The midfielder has the chance to create history in his first campaign back at the Nou Camp, with Pep Guardiola's men favourites to become the first team in history to retain the Champions League.

He added: "Hopefully we will win all the games and to win the Champions League in my first year at Barcelona would be a dream come true."