Drogba is far from finished
Striker planning for three more years, as he eyes Barca scalp

 Last Updated: April 20, 2012 8:31am 
 

Didier Drogba: Crucial goals prove he is still a force to be reckoned with

Didier Drogba believes his recent showings prove he is a long way from finished, with his sights now locked on two major finals. 

The Chelsea striker, at the age of 34, has found himself written off at times this season, with it suggested that the curtain is coming down on his glittering career.

Drogba has offered the perfect response to those doubters, though, with two influential displays carrying the Blues to one cup final and a step closer to another.

He broke the deadlock in spectacular fashion as Chelsea swept aside Tottenham in the FA Cup semi-finals, and was on target again as Roberto Di Matteo's side secured a notable 1-0 victory over Barcelona in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League last-four showdown on Wednesday.

"For those who said that I was too old, they saw that I could run maybe one, two or three more years," said Drogba, who will see his Stamford Bridge contract expire in the summer.

Drogba's effort against Barcelona came from Chelsea's only shot on target, as they put in a resolute defensive display to contain the reigning European champions.

The Blues still have it all to do if they are to make it to their second Champions League final, with a trip to Camp Nou awaiting them, but Drogba is confident they can finish the job on Catalan soil.
Hard work

"For those who said that I was too old, they saw that I could run maybe one, two or three more years." 
Didier Drogba Quotes of the week 

"We have to go there now and try to score another one," he said.

Drogba concedes that Chelsea rode their luck at times in midweek, as Barcelona dominated possession and surged forward, but feels good sides make their own luck.

He added: "That's football and I think we were a bit lucky.

"You have to work for luck to come and to happen. We worked a lot. We worked hard."

Chelsea, who remain in the hunt for a top-four finish in the Premier League, are now readying themselves for a potentially crucial seven days of football - with a capital derby with Arsenal and a trip to Barcelona set to be taken in over the course of the next week.

Drogba said: "It's a difficult week, difficult 10 days for us after Spurs, this game, and then Arsenal, and then again Barcelona.

"It's going to be an important, very decisive week for us, and I think we're up for it."