Drogba has good Barca memories
Referee named for Chelsea v Barcelona fixture

 Last Updated: April 16, 2012 4:49pm 
 

Didier Drogba: Insists Chelsea's semi-final clash against Barcelona could go either way

Didier Drogba is focusing on positive memories of games against Barcelona, insisting Chelsea's UEFA Champions League semi-final is a 50-50 affair. 

The Blues renew their fierce rivalry with the Spanish giants on Wednesday, the fifth season out of the last eight that the sides have faced each other in the Champions League.

And many of those games have been dogged by controversy. None more so than when the teams met at the same stage three years ago with Drogba's foul-mouthed tirade against referee Tom Henning Ovrebo earning the striker a three-match ban.

But the 33-year-old Ivory Coast international has had his moments against the defending champions and said: "It's not only bad memories - we have some good memories as well against Barcelona.

"It's a 50-50, even if they are said to be the best team in the world and have the best player in the world.

"There are two games. Anything can happen."

Drogba, asked about 2009, said: "It was a few years ago, so things have changed since then.

"But the desire is the same, the desire to beat them.

"It's going to be a tough game for us but we're ready to play."
Trophies

Sunday's 5-1 FA Cup semi-final triumph against Tottenham means Chelsea already have one final to look forward to in May and Drogba is determined to ensure the club will not suffer back-to-back trophyless campaigns in what could be his last season with the Blues.

He added: "Last season was a bad season because I didn't win anything.

"I hope this season will be different. I want to win trophies.

"It's not about it being my last year here.

"I just want to win trophies with Chelsea, with my team and that's the most important thing."

The referee who Drogba will be trying to avoid clashing with on Wednesday evening has been revealed as German official Felix Brych.

The 36-year-old was in charge for Chelsea's dramatic last-16 comeback against Napoli earlier this year.

However, Brych has had his run-ins with English teams in the past - sending off Manchester United's Nemanja Vidic against Otelul Galati in October as well as dismissing Tottenham's Peter Crouch in last season's Champions League quarter-final first-leg against Real Madrid.