Drogba - It's a tough road
Chelsea striker reflects on unique challenge of facing Barca

 Last Updated: April 20, 2012 8:36am 
 

Didier Drogba: Delighted with Chelsea's position against Barca but knows there is still work to do

Didier Drogba has admitted that playing against Barcelona was one of the most difficult challenges he has faced, but was delighted to score such a crucial goal as Chelsea claimed a 1-0 win in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League semi-final. 

Drogba struck just before half-time at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday to put the Blues on course for a place in the final at Bayern Munich's Allianz Arena.

However, Roberto Di Matteo insisted after the final whistle that the tie remains very much in the balance, with Barca having dominated possession and carved out several chances to score on what turned out to be a frustrating evening for the Spanish visitors.

Drogba concedes that he found it a tough game as he had to drop so deep to help out his team-mates that when he did pick up the ball it was hard to pose an attacking threat.

"It was a difficult game for me because Barcelona had such a lot of possession," the Ivory Coast international said in The Sun.

"It's quite difficult to play against them. They are a really good team, a very good team.

"Every time I got the ball I looked up and the goal seemed really far away, like on the M25."
Enjoyment

Drogba's goal was the 155th of his Chelsea career and he admits it was a special strike, adding: "It was one of the most important goals of my whole career - and it was good it came just before half time."

Drogba is determined to help Chelsea repeat their heroics in the second leg at Camp Nou next week after insisting that he has lost none of his enthusiasm for the game.

He said: "Every time I have a chance to perform I want to do my best. I know I am lucky to be on pitches like Wembley and Stamford Bridge, because so many players want to be a professional and have the same career and don't.

"So I try to enjoy it. I am really happy every time I go on the pitch."

Drogba added: "I don't think we had anything to prove. What we have done in the past few years is already a big achievement.

"We didn't play to prove anything, we just play to qualify.

"We've played the first leg and won it. Now we have another leg coming. I hope we'll be up for it."