Heynckes happy with Olic
Ribery also full of praise for Bayern's two-goal hero

 Last Updated: April 3, 2012 11:22pm 
 

Ivica Olic: Put Bayern ahead with a close-range finish in the 13th minute

Bayern Munich manager Jupp Heynckes was full of praise for forgotten man Ivica Olic after the forward scored twice to defeat Marseille in the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals. 

The Croatian was a surprise inclusion in the starting line-up for Tuesday's second leg having spent most of the season on the bench and almost leaving in the January transfer window.

But with Bayern in the German cup final and only three points behind Borussia Dortmund at the top of the Bundesliga, Heynckes decided to rotate his squad against Marseille.

And the former Real Madrid manager was not disappointed after making the tactical change as Olic scored a first-half double against Marseille to secure a 4-0 aggregate progress to the semi-finals in Europe.

"To have the feeling that, 'I am valuable for the team' is very important for a player." 
Jupp Heynckes Quotes of the week 

"I am very happy for Ivica, not only because he played well but also because he scored," said Heynckes.

"He worked very hard. He is a bonus for us now. We know we play every three days and I need alternatives, players who can decide a game.
Stressed

"To have the feeling that, 'I am valuable for the team' is very important for a player."

Bayern are now likely to face Heynckes' ex-club, Real, in the semi-finals, with Jose Mourinho's team holding a 3-0 first-leg advantage over APOEL.

The Champions League is of great significance for Bayern this season, as the final is at their Allianz Arena, and 32-year-old Olic was feeling the pressure before kick-off against Marseille.

He said: "It is a good feeling. I am a player with a lot of experience, but I was stressed before the start.

"To play in the Champions League is always something special. I am very happy to have scored and to see the team is through to the semis."

Olic gave the hosts a flying start when he connected with a Franck Ribery pass in the 13th minute and tapped in his second after a well-timed assist from David Alaba in the 37th minute.

And Ribery said: "I am really happy for Ivica. He came off the bench and straight away scored two goals. That is really important for us."