Hoddle backs Di Matteo
But former boss believes league is real measure of success

 By Jamie Casey.   Last Updated: April 14, 2012 7:46pm 
 

Hoddle: Has previously thrown himself into the ring for the Chelsea hotseat

Former Chelsea boss Glenn Hoddle believes Roberto Di Matteo would shoot to the top of Roman Abramovich's managerial shortlist if he secures a top-four finish in the Premier League. 

Di Matteo, currently caretaker manager at Stamford Bridge, returns to Wembley as manager of the club on Sunday, having won two FA Cups, a League Cup and a Charity Shield at the ground as a Chelsea player.

Hoddle, who recently declared his own desire to return to the club's managerial hotseat, was an FA Cup runner-up as player-manager with the club in 1994, but believes Di Matteo's biggest test remains the league.

He said: "When Robbie was appointed caretaker, I said then that he was in pole position, and I feel now that he is most definitely in pole position for the way he has turned around the team in such a short space of time.

"The whole atmosphere of the club has changed virtually overnight with Robbie at the helm, with that win over Napoli, a defeat by Manchester City, but bouncing back so brilliantly against Benfica.

"The feeling in the dressing room and around the club, lifting the players' spirits, which in turn has lifted the spirits of the supporters and everyone within the club."
Europe

Sunday's Wembley clash with Tottenham is followed by Wednesday night's UEFA Champions League semi-final first leg against Barcelona.

Hoddle added: "Robbie has not been scared to rotate his squad, and I am sure he will do that again even with a cup semi-final he desperately wants to win.

"You hear managers talk about taking the next game, but here he has to have one eye on the Barcelona tie because of the late kick-off on Sunday and the next match on a Wednesday.

"The criteria for Robbie landing the job, for me would be to ensure fourth place in the league.

"You cannot rely on beating Barcelona, and you cannot rely on winning the cup. But if he did well against Barcelona, the team come out of it with their pride intact.

"The priority, though, for the Chelsea owner, and indeed his manager, is to be in that top four."