Chelsea face Benfica in Champions League

First Published: Friday 16 March 2012
Chelsea face Benfica in Champions League
Roberto di Matteo's side to take on Portuguese opposition in the quarter-finals
Roberto di Matteo celebrates with the Chelsea players after the win over Napoli

Chelsea enjoyed a stunning UEFA Champions League win against Napoli on Wednesday

Chelsea will face Benfica in the UEFA Champions League quarter-final after being paired with the Portuguese side in Friday's draw.

Roberto di Matteo's side made it into the last eight of the competition after their superb second-leg performance against Napoli when they overturned a 3-1 first leg deficit with a 4-1 win in extra time.

    "It's a tough game for us - the fact we play the first game away is good"
    - Roberto di Matteo 

If the Blues progress they will face the winners of the tantalising last-eight tie between AC Milan and Barcelona.

"It doesn't matter who you get at this stage, it will be a difficult game but it's important to have the away game first and build the foundation from there," Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay told the club's official website.

"With Ramires and David Luiz they will know quite a bit and we know a bit about Benfica because they came from Manchester United's group. They are a very strong side and we will look forward to the upcoming games.

"We must give the utmost respect to Benfica and we will focus on that game along with a lot of other important games coming up, and if we get through and show the same spirit as we did on Wednesday we can start looking beyond that. It's a good draw for the club and hopefully we can keep going."

Di Matteo said: "I've seen Benfica many times. They were in Man United's group.

"It's a tough game for us. I think the fact that we play the first game away for us is good."

    "We set that standard and expect it every game until the end of the season and be where we want to be"
    - Ron Gourlay

The other quarter-finals see Apoel Nicosia face a tough challenge against former Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho and his Spanish League leaders Real Madrid - while Marseille face Bayern Munich.

The quarter-final first legs take place on March 27th and 28th with the return legs on April 3rd and 4th.

Chelsea's win on Wednesday means the club have now secured  three straight victories in all competitions under the guidance of interim manager Roberto Di Matteo.

And Gourlay believes the recent upturn in form has given the club something to build on as they aim to seal a top-four spot in the Barclays Premier League table.

"Robbie and everyone around him, the players, we all have to play our part," added Gourlay.

"He has started well in three games and everybody knows the objectives until the end of the season. Everybody is clear on what we want to achieve and everybody is pulling in the same direction.

"Nobody is getting carried away, we've had three very good results and we'll just focus one game at a time and review things at the end of the season.

"We've got some fantastic players there, we raised our game on Wednesday night but that's the standard of the club. We set that standard and expect it every game until the end of the season and be where we want to be."
