Desailly backs Barclays bike scheme

First Published: Thursday 29 March 2012
Desailly backs Barclays bike scheme
Barclays Premier League London clubs inspire Cycle Hire scheme extension
London club ambassadors (left to right) Rufus Brevett (Fulham), Darren Anderton (Tottenham), Martin Keown (Arsenal), Marcel Desailly (Chelsea) and Ray Wilkins (QPR)

Marcel Desailly (2nd right) is among the Barclays Premier League stars sbacking the scheme

Chelsea legend Marcel Desailly was among the former Barclays Premier League stars at the launch of the new Barclays Cycle Hire scheme on Thursday.

Desailly, representing the Blues, joined ambassadors from London's other top-flight clubs Arsenal, Fulham, QPR and Tottenham.

    "It's a good initiative and lets the people get access to this new type of sport"
    - Marcel Desailly 

For the scheme, Barclays have unveiled bespoke bikes in the five clubs' colours, uniting London football teams and the capital's celebrated cycling scheme.

Former France international Desailly, who made 158 Barclays Premier League appearances for Chelsea over six seasons, said it was a positive campaign.

"This initiative is about health and sport and the Barclays Premier League at the same time," he said.

"It’s a good initiative and lets the people get access to this new type of sport."
Barclays Premier League legends

Desailly joined with the other ambassadors Martin Keown (Arsenal), Rufus Brevett (Fulham), Ray Wilkins (Queens Park Rangers) and Darren Anderton (Tottenham Hotspur) to launch the scheme.

Brevett said: "It's a good scheme.

"The bikes are dotted around London. If you're in the city and you see one of these Barclays bikes you can nip on it instead of getting on the tube."

Arsenal legend Martin Keown, who made more than 300 top-flight appearances for the Gunners, said: "Football and cycling keep you fit and they also help bring people closer to their communities.

"With the summer approaching, I would encourage Londoners and visitors to get on a bike to see some of the great things this city has to offer."

The Barclays Cycle Hire has recently expanded and covers 65 square kilometres of the capital - and recently saw a record-breaking number of hires with over 218,000 in one week.

Ashok Vaswani, CEO Barclays UK Retail and Business Banking, the official sponsors of the Barclays Premier League and Barclays Cycle Hire, said: "This is the perfect way to celebrate our continued support for both football and cycling in the capital.”
