Lambert delighted with Norwich spirit

First Published: Monday 02 April 2012
Lambert delighted with Norwich spirit
Canaries boss pleased with response after going behind early against Fulham
Aaron Wilbraham scores for Norwich City

Aaron Wilbraham scores his first Barclays Premier League goal in the defeat by Fulham

Norwich City manager Paul Lambert says he is focusing on the positives despite his side losing 2-1 at Fulham on Saturday.

The Canaries went behind to early goals from Clint Dempsey and Damien Duff but they battled back with an impressive second-half performance.

    "You win together and lose together, and the second-half especially was excellent"
    - Paul Lambert

And they set up a tense finish at Craven Cottage when Aaron Wilbraham pulled a goal back with 13 minutes to go.

"I thought we deserved something, especially in the second half, but when you lose two goals the way we did at the beginning, it gives you an uphill battle,” Lambert told the club's official website.

"However the response to that I thought was excellent.

"The great thing is we never wilted, we kept going, got the goal back and as I say in the second half I thought we were the team going for it.

"I thought it was working attacking wise as the attack had a lot of the ball, but I just felt defensively we were lacking a little bit so we decided to change it. We went to a back four, put Simeon Jackson on, and went for it."
Top professional

Lambert had praise for Wilbraham, after the 32-year-old scored his first ever Barclays Premier League goal - the 100th of his career.

"I'm delighted for him [Aaron Wilbraham] because he's a top professional," added Lambert.

"He gives you everything he has got, he's brilliant around the football club, and I'm delighted for him. What you see is what you get with Aaron.

"The two substitute strikers did great, Simeon Jackson and Aaron, but it's a team thing - you win together and lose together, and the second-half especially was excellent."

And Lambert also singled out 22-year-old defender Ryan Bennett, who impressed on his Norwich debut following his January move from Peterborough United.

"I thought Ryan Bennett was colossal," added Lambert. "He was outstanding in the way he played the game, and for somebody as young as that in his first game in the Premier League, I was delighted, and it shows everybody why we brought him here.

"His tackling, reading of the game, and use of the ball were brilliant. It was a big testament to him to come in at a critical time, he was very good."
