Manchester City: Roberto Mancini swears over job speculation
Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini swore in front of reporters when asked about speculation over his future. 

City are 12 points behind leaders Manchester United, and Malaga coach Manuel Pellegrini is the latest name to be linked with Mancini's job. 

After a brief pause and a laugh, Mancini gave a more thorough response and said: "I cannot continue to answer about this every week. 

"We've another two months. You'll know then but I can't continue with this." 

Mancini replaced Mark Hughes at the City helm in December 2009
The Italian, who has also managed Lazio and Inter Milan, won the FA Cup in 2011 and guided City to their first top flight title for 44 years last season. 

Mancini signed a new five-year contract in July but this term his team again failed to progress beyond the group stages in the Champions League. 
City remain in the FA Cup, with a home quarter-final to come against Barnsley on 9 March, but lost at home to Aston Villa in the third round of the League Cup and are a distant second to rivals United with 12 matches remaining in the Premier League. 

The 48-year-old asked reporters: "Why would Manchester City change their manager? For what reasons?" 

He added: "I don't need to talk to them [my bosses] about this. I renewed my contract last summer and did five years as we wanted to build strong team. I don't need to talk about this. Yes [Ferran Soriano has come in as CEO since then], but this doesn't change it. Me, Soriano and Txiki [Begiristain, director of football] work for the same thing and have our positions. 

"I think at every club stability is important - if you change every one or two years it's difficult. If I didn't want to be here I would say. If I didn't win [a trophy] for two years it would be impossible for me to stay here." 

But he added he did not see his long-term future at the Etihad: "I don't think I can stay here [for 10 years], it's impossible for me. It's difficult to stay 10 years in the same club. 

"It's impossible in two years to be like Man United - they built a team in 25, 30 years. It's impossible to build a team like United, Barca. It takes seven, eight years." 

Earlier this week Mancini said he was "the best manager in England" and is not facing the sack. 
