Paul Lambert says he faces a 'huge' job restoring Aston Villa
Paul Lambert says he faces a "huge" job restoring the fortunes of Aston Villa after a demoralising defeat to Everton. 

Goals by Steven Pienaar, Marouane Fellaini and Nikica Jelavic earned David Moyes's slick side a deserved 3-1 win at Villa Park. 

Villa have lost their first two games under Lambert, while they have won just once in 18 Premier League games. 

"I know the job is huge and we're trying everything we can to sort it," said Lambert. 

Villa finished 16th in the table the last time they opened a season with back-to-back league defeats in 2002-03. 
And former Norwich manager Lambert added: "It's a massive club. 

"The fans were willing us to do really well, but we just never did it. That's my problem." 

Villa have recruited Ron Vlaar, Matthew Lowton, Brett Holman and Karim Al Ahmadi, who hit Villa's consolation against Everton, during the course of the summer. 

But Lambert hinted he may bring in more players before the transfer window shuts on 31 August. 

"Owner Randy Lerner, myself and chief executive Paul Faulkner will sit and see what's going to happen," the Scot said. 

"If something comes available and I think it's worthwhile, then you can look at it. 

"It's a really young side and sometimes you need a little bit of help." 

On a disastrous day for Villa against Everton, defender Ciaran Clark was sent off for a professional foul on Jelavic after 58 minutes. 

"I don't think it was a malicious challenge," added Lambert. 

"If he's the last man then the referee has done what he's done. It wasn't a bad tackle really." 

Everton manager Moyes says Lambert needs time to sort out the problems his compatriot has inherited at Villa Park. 

"It was a big day for Aston Villa because they have got a new manager in," added Moyes. 
"Paul has got a big job on his hands which he knows. It is going to take time." 

Having overcome Manchester United 1-0 at Goodison Park on 20 August, Everton once again impressed as they recorded their first Villa Park win since February 2005. 

Moyes introduced striker Kevin Mirallas, a £6m signing from Olympiakos, from the substitutes' bench. 

And the Everton manager will look to strengthen his squad before the transfer window closes. 

"I don't think it is my strongest squad (ever)," he said. 

"I've got a bit of cover in some places but the numbers are down. 

"I'd like to add to the squad if we could just to make sure we've got enough bodies. If I can add a loan or something came up which we could manage, then I would look to do it." 
